what's up people I'll bring you guys in
our video so yeah let's talk about the
rivalry between Manny Pacquiao and 110
Marquez to me to me this is definitely
the greatest rivalry in my opinion in my
lifetime that I've seen I haven't really
been around boxing that long other than
this there was the barrera Morales
rivalry that lasted three fights but
this this rivalry I haven't really been
around boxing like early two thousand so
I wasn't able to see those like the
barrera Morales fights live but Freddie
Marquez Pacquiao I've been I basically
seen all lives all the fights live on TV
so I gotta say this is the greatest
rivalry I've seen it's not every day
that we get to see for two fighters
fight four times hopefully this is the
last time all fights were all closed
closed fights like I said before I happy
that draw first fight I consider that
the draw second fighting pocket one I
think the knockout was a difference
third fighting Marquez what I think was
that more effective fighting that fight
but for this for fight whoever wins I
don't really care of someone wins
decisively like I've said before or
someone gets knocked out I don't really
care who and I'm calling this the
greatest rivalry because like I said we
don't really see that many fighters
fight four times it was only back in the
day we that we get to see fighters fight
four times and the rivalry lasted for
what like eight at eight yeah like eight
years if your first fight was in 2004
and then the rematch took 44 years to
take place in two thousand eight or 2007
I can't remember and then the third
fight took like three years to take
place and after the second one and
finally the fort ones just taking a year
after the third one so to me this is the
greatest rivalry had seen back in the
day there were fighters that fought it
shattered this much but we don't see
that much anymore we don't see that much
anymore and a lot of people I really
hating on this fight because this
they're seeing it for the fourth time
like I said I think this fight would be
another close fight so probably going to
be like a replay but you never know what
will happen in boxing anything can
happen and that's one of the reasons why
I'm excited for this fight and yeah to
me like I said this is the greatest
rivalry I can't really think of any
other rivalries out there other than a
arturo gatti against a Micky Ward
there's was out there the way the time
is when the greatest of all one of the
like the four greatest of all time is
back in the day for each other Sugar Ray
Leonard Marvin Hagler Marvin marvelous
Hagler Roberto Duran and Thomas turns
back in the day and this those guys were
fighting each other all over the place
those those were great rallies but I
wasn't around boxing back then so to me
one one of my kids and Manny Pacquiao is
the greatest robably I've seen so far
and probably probably will be that the
greatest robbery ll ever seen I don't
think in the future if I don't think
fighters will be fighting for x anymore
but you never know and yeah what do you
guys think about the rivalry write it on
the comment section below and yeah
thanks for watching like always have a
great day alright thanks